---
title: Imprint
layout: page
---
# Imprint

## Overall responsibility

This website is published by the University of Paderborn. The
University of Paderborn is a statutory body and an institution
of the State of North Rhine-Westphalia. The University is
legally represented by its President, Prof. Dr. Nikolaus Risch,
who carries the overall responsibility for this website:

*President of the University of Paderborn*  
Prof. Dr. Nikolaus Risch  
University of Paderborn  
Warburger Str. 100  
33098 Paderborn, Germany  
Phone: +49-5251-600 (central switchboard)

University of Paderborn's VAT No: DE 811209907

The competent supervisory authority for University of Paderborn
is the NRW Ministry of Innovation, Science, Research and Technology,
Völklinger Str. 49, 40221 Düsseldorf, Germany.

## Editorial responsibility

The responsible editor with respect to the German State Treaty on
Broadcasting Services and Telecommunication Media (§55 RStV)
is Prof. Dr. Marco Platzner, email: <platzner@uni-paderborn.de>

## Disclaimer

The ReconOS website may contain hyperlinks to the web pages of
third parties. The University of Paderborn shall have no liability
for the contents of such web pages and does not represent or endorse
such web pages or their contents. The University of Paderborn does
not control the information on web pages by third parties and is, thus,
not responsible for the contents and information given there.
The use of such web pages shall be at the sole risk of the user.

## Copyright

All text, illustrations, design and source code on this website is
copyrighted. Copying, using and distributing of contents in electronic
or printed form requires approval of the respective copyright owner unless
otherwise noted.

## Privacy Policy

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by
Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are
text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users
use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the
website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by
Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information
for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports
on website activity for website operators and providing other services
relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer
this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where
such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.

Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on
your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to
use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you
consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and
for the purposes set out above.

You can contradict the collection and use of your IP address with Google
Analytics at any time with effect for the future. For more information,
see http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. We point out that on this site
Google Analytics has been extended with the code `gat._anonymizeIp();` to
provide an anonymous collection of IP addresses.
